[FIX] - Adding references to tutorials (#230)
polkadot-developers/polkadot-docs: develop/parachains/get-started/build-custom-parachains.md

Each of these steps is designed to build on the last, helping ensure that your custom blockchain is functional, optimized, and ready for deployment within the Polkadot ecosystem or beyond.

> <!-- This page will be removed  -->

Author: This page will be removed in #246

After deployment, regular monitoring and maintenance are essential to ensure that the chain is functioning as expected. Developers need to be able to monitor the chain's performance, identify issues, and troubleshoot problems. Key activities include tracking network health, node performance, and transaction throughput. It's also essential to test the blockchain’s scalability under high load and perform security audits regularly to prevent vulnerabilities. For more information on monitoring and maintenance, refer to the [Maintenance](/develop/parachains/maintenance/) section.

## Tutorials

<div class="grid cards" markdown>

-   __Build a Local Solochain__

    ---

    Learn to build and manage Polkadot SDK-based local solochains. Covers setup, networking, authorization, monitoring, and upgrades.

    [:octicons-arrow-right-24: Reference](tutorials/polkadot-sdk/parachains/local-chain/)

-   __Connect to a Relay Chain__

    ---

>     Learn how to set up a local relay chain for parachain testing including managing gensis state, TestNet deployment, and managing collator nodes.

Author: ```suggestion
    Learn how to set up a local relay chain for parachain testing, including managing the genesis state, TestNet deployment, and managing the collator nodes.
```
